Update AuthenticationMethodsPolicy (#19255)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/voiceauthenticationmethodtarget.md

---
title: "voiceAuthenticationMethodTarget resource type"

> description: "A collection of users or groups enabled to use Phone Call authentication methods policy."

Reviewer: Same comment about groups or all users, not specific users.
```suggestion
description: "A collection of users or groups enabled to use phone call authentication method via policy."
```

author: "jpettere"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# voiceAuthenticationMethodTarget resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A collection of users or groups enabled to use [Phone call authentication methods policy](../resources/voiceAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md) in Azure AD.

Reviewer: Same comment as in the metadata also applies
```suggestion
A collection of users or groups enabled to use phone call authentication via the [phone call authentication methods policy](../resources/voiceAuthenticationMethodConfiguration.md) in Azure AD.
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|Object ID of an Azure AD user or group.|
|isRegistrationRequired|Boolean|Determines whether the user is enforced to register the authentication method. **Not supported**.|

> |targetType|authenticationMethodTargetType|The possible values are: `user`, `group`, and `unknownFutureValue`. Inherited from [authenticationMethodTarget](authenticationMethodTarget.md).|

Reviewer: For id and targetType - My comments about group and now individual users applies.
